# Jordan Wayland

## About Me
I have a diverse background in construction and architecture and a HUGE interest in programming, automation, finance, and virtual reality technology. I believe VR is the future of AEC, and I have seen firsthand how this technology is changing the landscape of the industry. After gaining experience creating virtual scenes of existing buildings using 3D as-built scans and 360 photography in Unity, I fell in love with programming. I began to learn more with C# for VR application development in Unity, which led to my desire to learn Python, Sequel, and R. Although I love learning about the frontier of cutting edge technology, my favorite part about my years of experience working in construction and architecture has been estimating and project budgeting. Above all else, I always loved working with money. I love helping companies find ways to make or save the most that they can. In most cases, there is always room for process improvements that can lead to increased profitability. During the 2020 Covid slow down in my industry, I decided to make use of my spare time by obtaining an MBA with a concentration in Finance. My future goal is to maximize my experience and interests by employing my process improvement mindset in the world of financial analysis. Using my programming and coding skills, I decided to create this Github to share my knowledge and passion for VR and finance with the world.

### Virtual Reality
With a background in architecture (specifically 3D scanning, building mapping, and 360 photography), I had a will to learn more about the virtual frontier of this technology.
I have an interest in interactive 3D building touring services and technology. I am excited to see what the future will bring with this tech, and I want to stay current with my knowledge as the industry evolves. A few years ago, I decided to enroll in Udacity's VRND program which teaches you to program in C# and develop virtual reality applications. The repository `virtual` will have a few sample applications that I developed throughout my program. If you follow the link below to my medium page, you will find the project write-up for my capstone project where I was awarded 'Outstanding Student Developer'. The application provides the user with an immersive VR experience that dives into the uses for virtual reality in construction, architecture, engineering, and real estate.

### Finance
Now for finance. Money makes the world turn. I love working with money. I love budgeting my own life and saving for my own future goals. I love the power of compounding interest. “Compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world. He who understands it, earns it … he who doesn't … pays it.” Albert Einstein. If utilized correctly, you can make your money work for you, or your business. I plan to provide an R platform to help like-minded tech professionals navigate planning for retirement and life goals by using techniques to make your money work in your favor. I worked a number of years as an estimator for the world's largest landscape company in Orlando, FL. I was responsible for pricing landscape, irrigation, and hardscape projects for huge contracts with Disney and Universal Studios. I like analyzing money, making the best use of it, and using code to optimize decisions where ever possible. I decided to lean into my love for finance and get an MBA through Louisiana State University of Shreveport with a concentration in Finance. Through this program, I learned many techniques to help analyze and aid in corporate financial decision-making. I authored an R package `finhub` (which can be found in my repositories) where you can see samples of corporate and retail financial planning and analysis functions that I created to help companies and individuals navigate the difficult world of finance. As I continue to learn, I will continue to automate and share my knowledge.

## Closing
Thank you for taking the time to visit my page. Feel free to explore my content and use my contact information below if you want to reach out for any reason.

## Links
www.linkedin.com/in/jordanwayland/ ; 
https://medium.com/@jordan.wayland/jordans-night-at-the-museum-project-e49f006e73df

## Contact Information
jordan.wayland@gmail.com
